Hi welcome back.
Now we're going to talk about different machine learning algorithms that help us solve our classification
problem.
Remember that we're talking about classification since we're not dealing with continuous bodies.
Instead we're dealing with discrete bodies.
This is fraudulent or not fraudulent transactions.
In contrast continue spot use are for example a person's age weight or stuff like that.
We're going to go over the problem you see in just two dimensions to illustrate this.
But remember this could cover and dimensions.
And instead of to the plot we would be working with hydroplanes one of the most popular algorithms is
support but our machines are SBM SBM will try to answer which is the best line to split the two classes.
The best line will be defined as the one that maximizes the probability of getting a new point covertly
labeling it we all want that any new point.
That's on the left side of the land that we're seeing to be green.
And anyone on their right side to be red We will try to do this by maximizing the distance between the
existing level points and that underline that we're defining.
Now let's see.
Come on.
Machine learning I learned this also solves classification problems.
Let's go off what's called decision trees.
Let's go over it using just a simple example.
Suppose that you have been offered a new job.
You'll want to analyze the silo first.
If the salary is not good they'll just refuse the job.
But if it is good he'll still want to analyze other Bibles.
If it's too far away from your house they'll probably not want to be stuck at traffic too much time
every day so you'll just refuse the job.
But if it does close enough from your house you will still want to analyze if it's a work place for
you to go to.
If it is a road work place you will accept the job.
But if it isn't you'll just a few sit in a tree.
You can see that there are terminal nodes and those nodes are swell.
The terminal nodes are those jinglin and the determination can be accepting the job of refusing the
job if you applied the solution just to our specific problem the output would be a fraudulent transaction
or none fraudulently on suction and instead of finalizing if they offer a good salary we would be unlacing
that's on sexual predators I suggest the user's IP location or home address.
The entries can get to be very efficient.
They will stop analyzing once they found a terminal node.
The key to building agood decision tree is to find that good feature to place in each session.
Note just a few more comments on the trees.
They can be used to solve problems and classification problems.
That means that we can work with the secret or continuous bodies.
Trees also build recursively and they use Ghost functions to do that Gaunt's cause functions.
Try to find the best bleet at each node so they can get faster to the solution and not waste time asking
questions that won't get us any closer to reaching our domination node.
There is also a technique called brewing that is used to avoid the overfit.
Remember that the word feeding is when we are really good at predicting without Chernin data but not
so good when we use testing or validation data.
Another technique we could apply is called random forest.
This is the usage of multiple decision trees at once.
The same input is run over different decision trees that are created randomly as we already know the
expected output.
We can see which decision trees get to the best solution from the expected answer from all their random
leak at once.
If we have a new input that's not in our data we can go over the same decision trees we found were important
to find that production.
This can be really naive but it has proven to club really good experimental results.
We believe in those later with our data set.
This also uses a lot of the above fixing problems that the shells trees.
And to cut another bubble or i'll from the skull KNM or gate nearest neighbors you add a new point.
In our case there blackpoint it will give us a prediction saying that the point is blue or red based
on the gate nearest point.
We will need to define that number.
For example k is free.
We can draw the inner circle and Gunt to Bluepoint inside that circle on only one point.
In that case the prediction would be blue.
On the other hand if we chose K equals to 9 that would be the outer circle and then we would have only
four blue and 5.
But once the prediction in that case would be that the point is red it is said that CNN is not lazy.
That means that he doesn't use that to try to come up with generalization from the rest of the world.
It will always just look at the closest point to it to come up with a new label.
This algorithm although it is really simple confront solutions to problems with multiple dimensions
of multiple classes.
It will always do it by selecting a number that we need to specify fundin the gay items that are closer
to our new point counting to see which is the most frequent class.
I'm just predicting that most frugal Plus a new label we have seen so far some of the most frequent
classification algorithms and following this we will apply just a couple of them to try to solve our
problem.
Although we could play many more if you want to learn more of this I suggest you use this cheat sheet
from sikat.
It is not only a very complete list of many of the algorithms older but it will also help you find a
suitable algorithm for your problem.
Remember that you will always need to test this a measure of the results by yourself.
Its recommendation will be based on the amount of data that you are bailable given that your general
product or quantity or a discrete label and similar information.
Hope you enjoy this and see you again in the next.